Add warning to FieldProbe re: Boosted Frame (#2868)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

        Integrated electric and magnetic field components can instead be obtained by specifying
        ``<reduced_diags_name>.integrate == true``.

>         WARNING! The FieldProbe reduced diagnostic does not yet add a lorentz back transformation for boosted frames and is not valid for these simulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        .. warning::
        
           The FieldProbe reduced diagnostic does not yet add a Lorentz back transformation for boosted frame simulations.
           Thus, it records field data in the boosted frame, not (yet) in the lab frame.
```
